every obsolete face I think he couldn't
overcome he just didn't expect you to
seem so you've my time as a human was
over but I never felt more alive
I thought we would be safe forever
but forever isn't as long as I'd hoped I
have to report a crime
the Cohens they've done something
terrible Doctore thanks for an
estimation in one child she was born not
bitten she grows every single day and
has met with the severe form of
punishment where is it out Nitori
they're coming for us
if enough people know the truth maybe we
convinced the Volturi to us research
began looking for vampires and the most
remote corners of the world my family's
in danger I need your help
each with their own gift
you're an amazing woman
you will join you max will fight I've
never been afraid of vampires
I'll never let anybody hurt you
you